that was the boss lady only this time
she wasn't calling for more liquor in
her cocktail
it might have been stupidity drunkenness
or maybe both but before I knew it I was
back taking the same risks trying to
save fallen women
but I'm free laughs then I'm queer nice
good CC nice work
hey you need a hand
the hell's Rodrigo I don't know man
Thanks somebody's gonna go find it
stop the supercontinent while he
couldn't we
I imagine the elevator doors opening to
a firing squad of muzzles far as I could
see it the one thing my plan had going
was that no one else would be stupid
enough to pull this move
where is he
I had to keep moving I didn't want to
fuck this up more than I already had
it looked like they were taking him out
through the basement maybe I still had a
shot
Rodrigo was too rich a prize for them to
throw away sure I'd have to work hard to
getting back but I knew the bad guys we
want the boss alive almost as much as I
did
they weren't far ahead once I opened the
door I'd actually have to come up with a
plan
a great thing about being famous as well
as rich is the bad guys know who -
kidnapped
parking lot rattling with gunfire was I
too late
blah
Rodrigo
marigo I'm here
Auriga it's mad
you're okay you're okay yeah come on get
up come on get up
come with me it's okay
hey keep boys itself I said I should see
salaka portable shower gear for them to
melt zombies are seeing what's there I
should keep their generator to
metastasize I say get real back Karla
pork tacos el going to do it on the
waters no point on IDs until we're sure
model pumps yeah you did good max say so
don't look so good
hey what could be better huh the good
guys are reunited and the commando
Sombra are dead I guess to lose this
guy's some kind of cop different branch
of the police not to fit but normal cops
I don't know buddy stuff politics
everywhere politics shit max you look
kind of beat up let's get this lot home
and then I'll I'll get you home - come
on
back home it was time for some R&R the
only way I knew how